TO all the freshers who might be wondering what all this buzz and hype is about, THIS IS IIIT Hyderabad FRESHERS' most anticipated
event the "FLAIR 2K12". This is where you are gonna prove yourself to the whole college,awaken your long dormant selves *(rediscover 
your inner fire), that you are more than a simple,average fresher accepted to the BEST college there is available, and that you have
it in you to become "Mr.FLAIR" and "Ms.FLAIR"...


There are a number of rounds for this event, 4 to be exact. The descriptions of these events are given below:

1) Group Discussion:
    This is a stage(a small one) for you to showcase your thinking,argumentative and analytical skills. You will (obviously :P) be 
divided into groups where you will be given a topic to choose and you have to take sides and discuss and argue with your peers about
the merit of your argument or the futility of theirs (genuine ones buddies,someone'll be watching you :P).
   The merits of your arguments and most IMPORTANTLY your participation is required to make it to the next rounds.Think of it as
a necessity for a job(so get serious). Remember, when the going gets tough,the LOUD get going...

2) Talent Showcase:
    You guys probably have LOTS of bathroom singers and dancers or any other quirky talent or hobby that makes you popular at the 
parties.This one's a biggie,coz this is where you'll have to showcase whatever talent you have honed or atleast tried to( come on, 
you've gotta be doing something all these 17 years,right?!). Singers can sing,dancers can dance,and mimicry artists can mimic all 
they want.Stand-up comedians are very welcome,newbies highly encouraged.Any other talent is eagerly awaited.Nothing is low,nothing
is high.This is a big stage to release all that bottled-up confidence in you and show anything you think is worth showing.And of 
course,you GOTTA perform good enough to get into the next round.

3) ROUND 3:
   Well, you don't want me to spill the beans and spoil the fun,right? This is going to be a surprise round and it consists of....it's
a surprise,dummies. But let me just tell you this, you need to get an impromptu idea,think quick on your feet and improvise if necessary.
Don't worry,it's not THAT difficult, and more importantly,it's a lot of FUN...:D
